bundles/SyliusResourceBundle/update_resource.rst, before:

Updating existing resource
==========================

To display an edit form of particular resource, change it or update via API, you should use **updateAction** of your **app.controller.user** service.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/{id}/edit
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction

Done! Now when you go to ``/users/5/edit``, ResourceController will use the repository (``app.repository.user``) to find the user with ID === **5**.
If found it will create the ``app_user`` form, set the existing user as data.

.. note::

    Currently, bundle does not generate a form for you, the right form type has to be updated and registered in container manually.

As a response, it will render ``App:User:update.html.twig`` template with form view as ``form`` and the existing User as ``user`` variables.

Submitting the form
-------------------

You can use exactly the same route to handle the submit of the form and update the user.

.. code-block:: html

    <form method="post" action="{{ path('app_user_update', {'id': user.id}) }}">
        <input type="hidden" name="_method" value="PUT" />

On submit, the update action with method PUT, will bind the request on the form, and if it's valid - use the right manager to persist the resource.
Then, by default it redirects to ``app_user_show`` to display the updated user, but like for creation of resource - it's customizable.

When validation fails, it will simply render the form again.

Changing the template
---------------------

Just like for other actions, you can customize the template.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/{id}/edit
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                template: App:Backend/User:update.html.twig

Using different form
--------------------

Same way like for **createAction** you can override the default form.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/new
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                template: App:Backend/User:update.html.twig
                form: app_user_custom

Custom redirect after success
-----------------------------

By default the controller will try to get the id of resource and redirect to "show" route. To change that, use following configuration.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/new
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                redirect: app_user_index

You can also perform more complex redirects, with parameters. For example...

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /competition/{competitionId}/users/new
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                redirect:
                    route: app_competition_show
                    parameters: { id: $competitionId }

Commit message:

Add example of criteria override in update action

bundles/SyliusResourceBundle/update_resource.rst, after:

Updating existing resource
==========================

To display an edit form of particular resource, change it or update via API, you should use **updateAction** of your **app.controller.user** service.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/{id}/edit
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction

Done! Now when you go to ``/users/5/edit``, ResourceController will use the repository (``app.repository.user``) to find the user with ID === **5**.
If found it will create the ``app_user`` form, set the existing user as data.

.. note::

    Currently, bundle does not generate a form for you, the right form type has to be updated and registered in container manually.

As a response, it will render ``App:User:update.html.twig`` template with form view as ``form`` and the existing User as ``user`` variables.

Submitting the form
-------------------

You can use exactly the same route to handle the submit of the form and update the user.

.. code-block:: html

    <form method="post" action="{{ path('app_user_update', {'id': user.id}) }}">
        <input type="hidden" name="_method" value="PUT" />

On submit, the update action with method PUT, will bind the request on the form, and if it's valid - use the right manager to persist the resource.
Then, by default it redirects to ``app_user_show`` to display the updated user, but like for creation of resource - it's customizable.

When validation fails, it will simply render the form again.

Changing the template
---------------------

Just like for other actions, you can customize the template.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/{id}/edit
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                template: App:Backend/User:update.html.twig

Using different form
--------------------

Same way like for **createAction** you can override the default form.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/new
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                template: App:Backend/User:update.html.twig
                form: app_user_custom

Overriding the criteria
-----------------------

By default, **updateAction** will look for the resource by id. You can easily change that criteria.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/{username}/edit
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                criteria: { username: $username }

Custom redirect after success
-----------------------------

By default the controller will try to get the id of resource and redirect to "show" route. To change that, use following configuration.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /users/new
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                redirect: app_user_index

You can also perform more complex redirects, with parameters. For example...

.. code-block:: yaml

    # routing.yml

    app_user_update:
        pattern: /competition/{competitionId}/users/new
        methods: [GET, PUT]
        defaults:
            _controller: app.controller.user:updateAction
            _sylius:
                redirect:
                    route: app_competition_show
                    parameters: { id: $competitionId }
